=== SOURCE: https://www.irs.gov/publications/p535 ===

Note:
We have discontinued Publication 535, Business Expenses; the last revision was for 2022. Below is a mapping to the major resources for each topic. For a full list, go to the
Publication 535 for 2022
PDF
. Also, note that Worksheet 6A that was in chapter 6 is now new 2023
Form 7206
, Self-Employed Health Insurance Deduction.
Topic
Publications and other online resources
Forms and instructions
1. Deducting Business Expenses
Tax Guide for Small Business
Corporations
Casualties, Disasters, and Thefts
Starting a Business and Keeping Records
Business Use of Your Home
2. Employees' Pay
Tax Guide for Small Business
Work Opportunity Credit
Empowerment Zone Employment Credit
Indian Employment Credit
Credit for Employer Differential Wage Payments
Employer Credit for Paid Family and Medical Leave
3. Rent Expense
Tax Guide for Small Business
4. Interest
Tax Guide for Small Business
Investment Income and Expenses
Home Mortgage Interest Deduction
Basic questions and answers about the limitation on the deduction for business interest expense
Supplemental Income and Loss
Investment Interest Expense Deduction
Passive Activity Loss Limitations
Limitation on Business Interest Expense Under Section 163(j)
5. Taxes
Tax Guide for Small Business
Excise Taxes
Self-Employment Tax
Additional Medicare Tax
6. Insurance
Tax Guide for Small Business
Publication 974, Premium Tax Credit (PTC)
Health Coverage Tax Credit
Credit for Small Employer Health Insurance Premiums
7. Costs You Can Deduct or Capitalize
Farmer's Tax Guide
Publication 544, Sales and Other Dispositions of Assets
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: A comparison for businesses
Investment Credit
Credit for Increasing Research Activities
Disabled Access Credit
Forest Activities Schedule
8. Amortization
How To Depreciate Property
Depreciation and Amortization
Alternative Minimum Tax— Individuals
9. Depletion
Farmer's Tax Guide
Supplemental Income and Loss
At-Risk Limitations
Passive Activity Loss Limitations
Forest Activities Schedule
10. Business Bad Debts
Tax Guide for Small Business
Topic no. 453, Bad debt deduction
Profit or Loss From Business
Capital Gains and Losses
Sales and other Dispositions of Capital Assets
11. Other Expenses
Travel, Gift, and Car Expenses
Charitable Contributions
Miscellaneous Deductions
How To Depreciate Property
Tax Benefits for Education
Standard mileage rates
Depreciation and Amortization
Sales and Other Dispositions of Capital Assets
Qualified Business Income Deduction Simplified Computation
Qualified Business Income Deduction
Related
Schedule A (Form 1040) Itemized Deductions
Form 5213, Election To Postpone Determination as To Whether the Presumption Applies That an Activity is Engaged in for Profit
Publication 15, (Circular E), Employer's Tax Guide
Publication 15-A, Employer's Supplemental Tax Guide
Publication 15-B, Employer's Tax Guide to Fringe Benefits
Publication 536, Net Operating Losses (NOLs) for Individuals, Estates, and Trusts
Publication 538, Accounting Periods and Methods
Publication 925, Passive Activity and At-Risk Rules